BVI is in am man and Jordan because the
Israeli government has banned aljazera
from reporting from Israel saying there
are due to be sisire talks later this
week but uh we understand the national
security minister has actually said
Israel's participation in those is a
serious mistake so where does that leave
these
talks well that's exactly right Israel
has committed to sending a delegation
once more to either Doha or Cairo in the
next few days we're expecting talks to
begin once again on the 15th but this
comes at a time when Israel is being
condemned by almost everyone they'll be
sitting with at these talks and they
know that the actions they've taken with
the strike that resulted in this
massacre on Saturday and in the last 24
hours they have themselves the Israeli
forces have said they've continueed to
carry on a number of operations across
Gaza will only Harden the position of
Hamas make it almost diff almost
impossible for Hamas to acques to any of
Israel's demands in the current climate
now in terms of what these talks are
likely to mean is Israel really sincere
about negotiating some kind of ceasefire
about a settlement that could see
Israeli captives brought back home we
have to look only to the uh national
security minister atar Ben gav's recent
statements this morning on social media
in which he said that yes this is a
mistake and that Hamas must be crushed
until they completely surrender in the
statement he said that Hamas should
continue to be crushed and stomped on
its head until they completely surrender
that this Summit must not be used as a
way to stop the conflict in Gaza that
the transfer of humanitarian Aid and
fuel should be stopped until all
abductees are returned home and he also
said that we must encourage immigration
and occupy Gaza uh permanently in order
to keep our hold on it so these are very
very hawkish statements coming out of
the national security minister and will
only serve to harden the position with
which mediators and Hamas come to these
talks so is it likely that they'll
result in any sort of ceasefire or or a
prisoner exchange between Israel and uh
uh Hamas forces and the Palestinians in
Gaza that seems very unlikely at this
stage okay thanks so much Z that Z best
Ravi for us in Aman Jordan because the
Israeli government has banned El jazer
from reporting in
Israel we're going to go uh to uh honey
mmud for uh who is in khun where they
have been many people have been forced
to move yet again can you just explain
the ongoing impact of being displaced
over and over again hany and where are
people meant to go at this point in
time Tom within the past 45 minutes
we've seen many of the cars or many of
the cards pulled by animals arriving to
this area this is the last remaining uh
somehow empty with with a little bit of
a space available at Al maasi evacuation
Zone and this is right at the Northern
Western part of of at the edge of city
and area between these two cities in the
central area and here maasi evacuation
but we seen more people definitely
coming from the area that's the uh the
uh third the block number by 36 that's
Hamed's residential complex where it is
located that has been targeted at
earlier hours by the uh by air attacks
destroying two residential Towers
pushing people the residents of these
towers into further internal
displacement is really military at
earlier hours overnight issued these
sharp orders for people to evacuate from
the area now this having this happening
at this particular moment and this
particular location
just further increased shrinking the
areas the humanitarian Zone that the
Israeli military had described and
designated uh for Palestinian displaced
families for the past 10 months which by
the way hasn't been safe at all it has
been repeatedly attacked people died and
killed and Meed inside these
humanitarian Zone they were talking
about a short SL of land at the western
part of of the Central Area starting
from Dar bah City passing through ran
unit all the way to rafah City and now
rafah is out of the equation of the
humanitarian Zone the only area
available right now is at the western
part of Dar bah City and here in Khan
unun but right now Hamed residential
towers and its vicinity has been uh in
the Red Zone in the red area and just
further shrink the area the humanitarian
uh zone for evacuation we're expecting
to see this space to be filled up very
soon and uh we're going to we're going
to see it becoming overcrowded but the
impact of this limited resources there
is economic Suffocation there is family
and social disintegration as people
ended up finding a space at anywhere
possible to stay in it also causes more
of the psychologically trauma and feeds
into one reality permanent displacement
as some of these families have been
displaced for the eighth time or the
10th time so far yeah honey the other
thing I wanted to talk about was the
school attack yesterday which has been
described as one of the worst since the
War Began can you just give us an idea
of the scale of the devastation that's
left
behind perhaps the worst uh elements of
of of the this attack has been the uh
the the deepening of the the sense of
shattered safety right now the people uh
this place families inside evacuation
zones and at the vicinity of all uh
shelters in Gaza and the noart are not
are not safe they are under uh repeated
attacks all the time and so this one
thing that has been made uh sure for
people that they are not safe at all and
their sense of their shattered sense of
safety has been deepened further by
these attacks what's really tragic that
these evacuation zone are the only
remaining space in Gaza and the northern
part uh for people to go to who are
struggling with the recurrent incursions
in W part of Gaza City of the heavy
bombardment campaign in the center part
of Gaza and the western part uh of the
city all leaving their residential homes
because of the ongoing threats going to
these shelters seeking not only safety
but also of whatever left whatever
available of Food Supplies as there is
ongoing enforced starvation going on in
the northern part of the strip none of
the commercial and none of the
humanitarian e truck here uh allowed to
move into uh the uh the northern part
and Gaza there is ongoing enforc
starvation going on so people are
seeking these evacuation Center because
they are searching uh not only for
safety and protection but also ability
to have access to Food Supplies and and
water supply which by the way it's
already depleted and limited to the only
number available uh at these evacuation
uh centers but again the uh the
tragedies keep unfolding of the number
of casualties the death do is rising the
the pressure that is put on the health
facilities in Gaza is beyond imagination
honey as always we really do appreciate
uh your reporting there from Gaza honey
mm for us and Khan
Unice make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
algera